The top three models with best performance were the Logistic Regression (LR), Random Forrest Classifier (RF) and Ridge Classifier, where the LR model resulted in being the model with the best performance. The LR model provided the highest accuracy, AUC, recall, precision and Cohen’s Kappa statistic. The accuracy and AUC of the model is 55.73% and 0.7536, with a recall and precision of 0.5573 and 0.5476, respectively, and a kappa statistic of 0.3304. This indicates that the LR model is the best tested model with the best overall performance. The Logistic Regression model is a prediction model that uses a sigmoid function to find the relationship between two data factors. This model uses that relationship to then make predictions about one factor based on the other. The 3 classes (male, female and infant) in the sex attribute are mapped to have outcome values that range between 0 and 1 to predict the outcome by splitting the multi-class into one binary classification per problem per class – this process is called one-vs-all. An explanation of the important of the AUC is described above. The recall, precision and F1 score of a model indicate the accuracy of the model and its ability to make a correct prediction from the data. Finally, the Kappa statistic measures the agreement between two samples of data. In general, the accuracy of the model can improve through the following methods: data preprocessing, feature scaling, and regularization. In data preprocessing, the data can be prepared by removing data outliers or asserting linear relationships between independent variables. Next, in feature scaling the data can be normalized so that the weight put on the variables is approximately balanced. Finally, using regularization can be useful in minimizing loss functions to penalize large coefficients – this will prevent overfitting and underfitting of the model. Overall these methods can be used to improve the overall accuracy and other parameters of the logistic regression model. 
